You mention a deep root of meaning that guides evolving thoughts and visions.
I have identified a possible root of such meaning, being wisdom itself.

I believe you may appreciate this poetic imagery of oceans and rivers,
" I, wisdom, have poured out rivers.
I, like a brook out of a river of a mighty water; I, like a channel of a river. and like an aqueduct, came out of paradise.
I said: I will water my garden of plants, and I will water abundantly the fruits of my meadow.
And behold my brook became a great river, and my river came near to a sea:
For I make doctrine to shine forth to all as the morning light, and I will declare it afar off."

This is scripture taken from the Greek Septuagint, from the book of Sirach. This is text that Jesus Christ had access to that has been removed from modern bibles. I feel that it is possible that he took statements from this book literally, and perhaps decided to fall in love with Wisdom herself and live as she guided. As a guide to be a deep root of meaning, perhaps the pursuit of wisdom itself might be a fitting candidate for this role.

She continues to speak here, though these scriptures have even been removed from the Septuagint, and are now only found in a Catholic 1889 translation.
' I have stretched out my branches as the turpentine tree, and my branches are of honour and grace.
As the vine I have brought forth a pleasant odour: and my flowers are the fruit of honour and riches.
I am the mother of fair love, and of fear, and of knowledge, and of holy hope.
In me is all grace of the way and of the truth, in me is all hope of life and of virtue.
Come over to me, all who desire me, and be filled with my fruits.
For my spirit is sweet above honey, and my inheritance above honey and the honeycomb.
My memory is unto everlasting generations.
They that eat me, shall yet hunger: and they that drink me, shall yet thirst.
He that [hear] me, will not be confounded: and they that work by me, will not sin.
They that explain me will have life everlasting.'

I will be continuing to study and look further into this for some time. After all, I enjoy explaining wisdom already.
I pretty much reiterate this comment at https://sorcerawr.com/thewisdom.

Perhaps there is a long lost, hidden way to live that promotes creativity, Earth, and love, in a natural and authentic way.
I plan to uncover it, to bring treasure out from the darkness.

Thanks so much for your inspiring, evocative words and for being here with us Ayla. I've recently begun flowing an ivory tongue like the waters run, and freed and accessed depths of my own creativity and soul with your music.
