Hi,

I noticed that your website's intention is, 'sharing the very best content on creativity'.

Recently I wrote a note to myself that my website "is no longer a content cultivation site, it is now [focused on being *the*] creativity cultivation site on the Internet."

On that note, I wrote that I realized, " the site I want to make is the site I would want to find. Where I'd stumble on this site myself and love it and think, this is everything I was looking for. My site caters to a younger version of me."

I wrote that I wanted to have,
"The most popular site in the world for creatives, the definitive source for inspiration and creative access and tools."

As my intentions line up with your content, and your platform scales much larger than mine, and as I am already focused on researching creativity, I would very much be interested in working with you.

I am a gifted writer and even more of a researcher, absorbing all that comes my way - which on many days, can seem as if the universe is launching information at me left and right - and I spend the majority of my time collecting tools and sharing resources with others. While this personal profile may be common in the applications you receive, my work ethic and intention to give all that I have for others, is not.

An example resource might be, as I am sure you have seen:

Your elusive creative genius | Elizabeth Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA .

I am currently studying a few books, including The Artists Way, and I happen to be keeping a log of every interesting tidbit of information I've come across lately on a document called Note Neverending at https://sorcerawr.com/noteneverending.

As creativity is my sole focus and I study and learn every day, I would be able to write plenty of content for your website.
I must admit that if I were to think more practically, I need a job and source of income. Unfortunately, my stubbornness to focus on moving forward into creation has become more important to me than a job might offer. I cannot bring myself to sacrifice even a day, not at the rate of growth I'm accelerating at. In this bullheaded nature, I cannot seem to help myself in this regard.

It is my wishful hope that you, reading this letter, happened to recognize something of yourself in it, and for reasons, you couldn't determine decided to put my words to good use.
The fact that I finished watching a movie called Whisper of the Heart, not sooner than a few hours ago, is probably what inspires such as an idyllic scenario, as it sounds like something that would happen in that movie's world.
