Hey all. I create projects and write things at https://sorcerawr.com/ and https://www.jamesbyt.es/.

James is focused on the changing states of reality,
the study and pursuit of wisdom,
uncovering and teaching the secrets of life,
flowing like water,
and shaking the dirt up into pure creative source.


"additionalName": "The Blessed",
"birthDate": "1994-04-24",
"knowsAbout": "Secrets, Creativity, Wisdom"
"description": "James is focused on the changing states of reality,
the study and pursuit of wisdom,
uncovering and teaching the secrets of life,
flowing like water,
and shaking the dirt up into pure creative source."
"image": {
   "@type": "ImageObject",
   "url": "http://www.sorcerawr.com/img/bytes.jpg"
 }


At this current stage of my life, I'm apparently some kind of god of chaos and order,
shaking the dirt up into pure creative source, while calling for the rain of love from above.

Right now I feel that my art project is myself, that I am being formed while forming, a co-creator in my own life, a cowriter to my own story.
I'm a bit of an actor in my own play as well, always changing what I express and bring out and how I project.

This makes me feel a bit like a master magician of sorts, and I admire the concept of flowing like water,
creating the illusion or reality that I dance effortlessly through my actions.

I aspire to mastery of life and take some small pride in being deeply rooted and grounded.
What interests me is the changing of states of reality, the study and pursuit of wisdom,
uncovering and teaching the secrets of life,
and becoming me.

The two things I care about or desire most are accessing and living from my own creative source,
and being connected to those who I can connect, love, and share with openly.

Unfortunately, what has kept me from those two things has been my own fear.
While I am well equipped to process great amounts of fear and act despite of it,
I still struggle with fear.
Some years ago I had an experience of the greater dimensions and came back with far more fear than a person should have.

My own fear and resistance and a desire to create what others will accept and like often closes my heart,
and a fear of showing up (and potentially, rejection) often tarnishes and taints my interactions and writings.

I have several times connected to a place where I am free to just be and love myself as I am,
but the worries of others have come in and the next day has come and that place has been lost many times.

Perhaps last year I came across a woman online writing poetry,
and saw her absolute love of this art. I shared something with her and she loved it as well.
Witnessing this was a beauty beyond comparison.
Alas, I never even wrote back a thank you after my fear of showing up and destroying that arose again.

Now I identify that perhaps that is what I want most and am seeking, to allow myself to fall in love with creation itself.
The desire that follows that nearly destroys me, and that is the desire to be creating on the highest level,
with the most powerful creators in the world.
That being said, I don't even know what I would want to create if I could create anything.

I have to note that I'm glad I wrote this.

Thank you all for being here.

my fb, https://www.facebook.com/james.bytes.73

<!-- now how do I feed some of this to knowledge graph -->
